Analysis on Information Technology – Network Management (AAS) A25590N Website

The Performance of this site when I mess around with it looks and feels really smooth and looks clean. At 1053x550 px everything is laid out just right with the pictures on the right main paragraphs in the center and the drop downs for the tables on the left, and the links right below the title along with the search bar. I really like the Expand all and Collapse all feature nice little touch. As you start to collapse the page down to around 745x550 px the pictures move to the bottom of the page and enlarge and the links go away and the search box moves to the left side. Then anything below 650x550 px everything falls into one row with the tables on top main paragraphs in the middle and picture on the bottom. You can go even smaller and everything is still legible down to about 300x550 the tables to get a little hard to read. Overall the responsiveness well done. 
When I look at the Performance using the browser tools the site took right at 2500 ms to fully load up and the first visual image loaded in at about 1250 ms. Right around 1500 ms you can see the welcome message start to load in and it takes roughly 500 ms to fully appear. Looking at the summary other took the longest with 600 ms, loading with 118 ms and idle at 1000 ms. Everything loads up pretty fast and without any issues.
When I took the screen shot and looked at the memory System was at the top with the most percent used with array, compiles code and closure following up. Other than system the percent used is pretty low, under Objective Count each are less than 10%, Shallow Size they are roughly 20% and Retained Size in the 30’s. 
Looking at the security of the page the resources have mixed content since one of out sources is an http site and the others are https. As for Certificate and Connection they are both valid and trusted / secure. With the Certificate is using a valid, trusted server issued by DigiCert SHA2 High Assurance Server CA. The Connection to the site is encrypted and authenticated using TLS 1.2 ECDHE_RSA with X25519 and AES_128_GCM. 
After performing the Audit on the site the scores for performance and Accessibility were 60 and 66 with Best Practices at an 81. Performance shows that the first meaningful paint was at 2570 ms while the first interactive (beta) was at 10080 ms this meaning that most of the UI elements are interactive but maybe not all, from the looks of it though on out site they are all at this time. Something it suggest that could help speed this up would be Minimize the number of “critical” resources that must be downloaded or executed before the page can load. In our case it looks like it referring to the images since it says to consider lazy-loading offscreen or hidden images, this can help improve the page load speed and time to interact. I ran the audit a few times and about every other time the Performance would change from 60 to 84, and when the score was 84 the first meaningful paint was at 2050 ms and the first interactive (beta) was at 4410 ms. The suggestions were still the same though. Accessibility was a little higher scored than Performance but not b much, A few things that it suggest that could help are adding [alt] attributes to the image elements that the informative elements should aim for shot, descriptive alternate text. The background and foreground don’t have a sufficient contrast ratio, and low contrast text can be hard to read. I can see that once you get below 300 px wide the main paragraphs when they get smaller do get harder to read especially on the iPad Pro its basically impossible to read, but on the other phones you can look at I found it easy to read and personally think the color contrast isn’t that bad. Also suggest that you could add an [lang] attribute to improve the interpretation of the content to people in different locals. On to Best Practices with a score of 81 the only thing that could have been done to improve this was two of the source URLs that looks like two images came from were insecure and our app’s ‘short_name’ isn’t fewer than 12 characters, A way we could fix that would be just find images from an https site,  other than that it looks good. 
